CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS

Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving,
AITP 2026
August 30 - September 4, 2026, Aussois, France

http://aitp-conference.org/2026

Deadline: May 5, 2026
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2026

BACKGROUND
Large-scale semantic processing and strong computer assistance of
mathematics and science is our inevitable future. New combinations of
AI and reasoning methods and tools deployed over large mathematical
and scientific corpora will be instrumental to this task.  The AITP
conference is the forum for discussing how to get there as soon as
possible, and the force driving the progress towards that.

TOPICS

- AI, machine learning and big-data methods in theorem proving and mathematics.
- Collaboration between automated and interactive theorem proving, in
  particular their AI/ML aspects.
- Common-sense reasoning and reasoning in science, relations to general AI.
- Alignment and joint processing of formal, semi-formal, and informal
   libraries, Formal Abstracts.
- Methods for large-scale computer understanding of mathematics and science.
- Combinations of linguistic/learning-based and semantic/reasoning methods
- Formal verification of AI and machine learning algorithms, explainable AI .
 

SESSIONS

There will be several focused sessions on AI for ATP, ITP,
mathematics, relations to general AI (AGI), Formal Abstracts,
linguistic processing of mathematics/science, modern AI and big-data
methods, and several sessions with contributed talks. The focused
sessions will be based on invited talks and discussion
oriented. AITP'26 is planned as an in-person conference.


CONFIRMED PARTICIPANTS/SPEAKERS/PANELISTS (TBC)


Michael R. Douglas, Stony Brook University
Mario Carneiro, Chalmers University and University of Gothenburg
Simon Frieder, University of Oxford
Thibault Gauthier, AI4REASON
Ben Goertzel, SingularityNET
Georges Gonthier, INRIA
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Jan Jakubuv, Czech Technical University in Prague
Mikoláš Janota, Czech Technical University in Prague
Moa Johansson, Chalmers University and University of Gothenburg
Cezary Kaliszyk, University of Melbourne
Peter Koepke, University of Bonn
Konstantin Korovin, The University of Manchester
Michael Kinyon, University of Denver
Miroslav Olsak, University of Cambridge
Auguste Poiroux, EPFL and Math Inc
Aarne Ranta, Chalmers University and University of Gothenburg
Michael Rawson, University of Southampton, UK
Stephan Schulz, DHBW Stuttgart
Martin Suda, Czech Technical University in Prague
Christian Szegedy, AletheAI
Josef Urban, AI4REASON and University of Gothenburg
Robert Veroff, University of New Mexico
Andrei Voronkov, Easychair and University of Manchester
Zsolt Zombori, Alfréd Rényi Institute of Mathematics


INVITED TALKS (TBC)

Simon Frieder, AIMO and all that (TBC)
Ben Goertzel, TBA
Michael Kinyon, TBA
Auguste Poiroux, (Auto-)Formalization of the Fields Medal Sphere Packing Results (TBC)
Christian Szegedy, TBA
Robert Veroff, Automating the search for proofs of open conjectures
Andrei Voronkov, TBA


CONTRIBUTED TALKS
We solicit contributed talks. Selection of those will be based on
extended abstracts/short papers of 2 pages formatted with easychair.cls.
Submission is via EasyChair (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2026).
The extended abstracts are considered non-archival.
The contributed talks have to be presented in-person.


DATES
Submission deadline: May 5, 2026
Author notification: June 20, 2026
Conference registration: TBA
Camera-ready versions: TBA
Conference: August 31 - September 5, 2026


PROGRAM COMMITTEE (TBC)

Guillaume Baudart, INRIA
David Cerna, Czech Academy of Sciences
Michael R. Douglas (co-chair), Stony Brook University
Ulrich Furbach, University of Koblenz
Thibault Gauthier, Czech Technical University in Prague
Aishik Ghosh, Georgia Tech
Georges Gonthier, INRIA
Thomas C. Hales (co-chair), University of Pittsburgh
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Mikoláš Janota, Czech Technical University in Prague
Moa Johansson, Chalmers University and University of Gothenburg
Cezary Kaliszyk (co-chair), University of Melbourne
Michael Kinyon, University of Denver
Peter Koepke, University of Bonn
Konstantin Korovin, The University of Manchester
Bartosz Piotrowski, IDEAS NCBR
Michael Rawson (co-chair), University of Southampton, UK
Stephan Schulz (co-chair), DHBW Stuttgart
Sho Sonoda, RIKEN AIP
Martin Suda, Czech Technical University in Prague
Josef Urban, AI4REASON and University of Gothenburg
Zsolt Zombori, Alfréd Rényi Institute of Mathematics


LOCATION AND PRICE

The conference will take place from August 30 to September 4 2026
in the CNRS Paul-Langevin Conference Center
(https://www.caes.cnrs.fr/sejours/centre-paul-langevin/) located in
the mountain village of Aussois in Savoy.  Dominated by the "Dent
Parrachée", one of the highest peaks of La Vanoise, Aussois is located
on a sunny plateau at 1500 m altitude, offering a magnificent panorama
of the surrounding mountains and a direct access to the park of La
Vanoise in summer and downhill ski slopes or cross country slopes in
winter. The total price for accommodation, full board and registration for
the five days will be around 650 EUR.

ARRIVAL/DEPARTURE

Aussois is less than 2h from the airports of Lyon, Geneve, Chambery,
Annecy, Grenoble and Turin. There are trains and buses from these
airports. Aussois is 7km from the Modane TGV station with direct
trains from/to Paris. We will organize a bus for the participants from
there to Aussois. Further buses to these airports / station can be
found at http://www.altibus.com/ .

ORGANIZERS
Georges Gonthier, Cezary Kaliszyk and Josef Urban

