         SECOND CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS

   Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving,
                       AITP 2018
        March 25-30, 2018, Aussois, France

            http://aitp-conference.org/2018

             Deadline: December 3, 2017
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2018

BACKGROUND
Large-scale semantic processing and strong computer assistance of
mathematics and science is our inevitable future. New combinations of
AI and reasoning methods and tools deployed over large mathematical
and scientific corpora will be instrumental to this task.  The AITP
conference is the forum for discussing how to get there as soon as
possible, and the force driving the progress towards that.

TOPICS
    - AI, machine learning and big-data methods in theorem proving
      and mathematics.
    - Collaboration between automated and interactive theorem proving.
    - Common-sense reasoning and reasoning in science.
    - Alignment and joint processing of formal, semi-formal, 
       and informal libraries.
    - Methods for large-scale computer understanding of mathematics 
       and science.
    - Combinations of linguistic/learning-based and semantic/reasoning methods
    - Formal verification of AI and machine learning algorithms, explainable AI .
 
SESSIONS
There will be several focused sessions on AI and machine learning for
ATP, SMT, ITP and mathematics, a session on ATP/ITP Hammers, session
on Formal Abstracts and natural language processing of mathematics,
and several sessions with contributed talks. The focused sessions will
be based on invited talks and discussion oriented.

CONFIRMED PARTICIPANTS/SPEAKERS (to be completed)
Noriko Arai, National Institute of Informatics
Henk Barendregt, Radboud University Nijmegen
Michael R. Douglas, Stony Brook University
Cameron Freer, Remine
Georges Gonthier, INRIA
Thomas C. Hales, University of Pittsburgh
John Harrison, Intel
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Mikoláš Janota, University of Lisbon
Ramana Kumar, Data61 & UNSW
Takuya Matsuzaki, Nagoya University
David McAllester, Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago
Christian Szegedy, Google Research
Cesare Tinelli, University of Iowa

INVITED TALKS (to be completed)
Henk Barendregt, Axiomatizing consciousness, with applications
John Harrison, Manifesto for type-free foundations based on set theory

CONTRIBUTED TALKS
We solicit contributed talks. Selection of those will be based on
extended abstracts/short papers of 2 pages formatted with easychair.cls.
Submission is via EasyChair (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2018).

DATES
Submission deadline: December 3, 2017
Author notification: January 10, 2018
Conference registration: January 24, 2018
Camera-ready versions: January 31, 2018
Conference: March 25-30, 2018

POST-PROCEEDINGS
We will consider an open call for post-proceedings in an established
series of conference proceedings (LIPIcs, EPiC, JMLR) or a journal
(AICom, JAR, JAIR).

PROGRAM COMMITTEE (to be completed)
David Aspinall, University of Edinburgh
Jasmin Christian Blanchette, INRIA Nancy
Joseph Corneli, University of Edinburgh
Cameron Freer,  Remine
Ulrich Furbach, University of Koblenz
Thomas C. Hales (co-chair), University of Pittsburgh
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Geoffrey Irving, OpenAI
Moa Johansson, Chalmers University
Cezary Kaliszyk (co-chair), University of Innsbruck
Michael Kohlhase, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg
Ramana Kumar, Data61 & UNSW
Jens Otten, University of Oslo
Stephan Schulz (co-chair), DHBW Stuttgart
Dawn Song, University of California, Berkeley
Martin Suda, Technische Universität Wien
Geoff Sutcliffe, University of Miami
Christian Szegedy, Google Research
Josef Urban (co-chair), Czech Technical University in Prague

LOCATION AND PRICE
The conference will take place from March 25 to March 30 2018 in
the CNRS Paul-Langevin Conference Center
(https://www.caes.cnrs.fr/sejours/centre-paul-langevin/) located in
the mountain village of Aussois in Savoy.  Dominated by the "Dent
Parrachée", one of the highest peaks of La Vanoise, Aussois is located
on a sunny plateau at 1500 m altitude, offering a magnificent panorama
of the surrounding mountains and a direct access to the downhill ski
slopes or cross country slopes in winter. The total price for accommodation,
food and registration for the five days will be around 600 EUR.


ORGANIZERS
Cezary Kaliszyk and Josef Urban

