                     CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS

   Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving,
                            AITP 2017
                 March 26-30, 2017, Obergurgl, Austria

                     http://aitp-conference.org/2017

                 Deadline: December 1, 2016
      https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2017

BACKGROUND
Large-scale semantic processing and strong computer assistance of
mathematics and science is our inevitable future. New combinations of
AI and reasoning methods and tools deployed over large mathematical
and scientific corpora will be instrumental to this task.  The AITP
conference is the forum for discussing how to get there as soon as
possible, and the force driving the progress towards that.

TOPICS
    - AI and big-data methods in theorem proving and mathematics.
    - Collaboration between automated and interactive theorem proving.
    - Common-sense reasoning and reasoning in science.
    - Alignment and joint processing of formal, semi-formal, 
       and informal libraries.
    - Methods for large-scale computer understanding of mathematics 
       and science.
    - Combinations of linguistic/learning-based and semantic/reasoning methods .
 
SESSIONS
There will be several focused sessions on AI for ATP, ITP and
mathematics, modern AI and big-data methods, and several sessions with
contributed talks. The focused sessions will be based on invited talks
and discussion oriented.

CONFIRMED PARTICIPANTS/SPEAKERS
Cameron Freer, Gamalon Labs
Georges Gonthier, INRIA Saclay
Thomas C. Hales, University of Pittsburgh
John Harrison, Intel
Andreas Holmstrom	
Cezary Kaliszyk, University of Innsbruck
Michael Kohlhase, FAU Erlangen-Nurnberg 
Tim Rocktäschel, University College London
Stephan Schulz, DHBW Stuttgart
Christian Szegedy, Google
Josef Urban, Czech Technical University
Robert Veroff, University of New Mexico

CONTRIBUTED TALKS
We solicit contributed talks. Selection of those will be based on
extended abstracts/short papers of 2 pages formatted with easychair.cls.
Submission is via EasyChair (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2017).

DATES
Submission deadline: December 1, 2016
Author notification: December 23, 2016
Conference registration: January 20, 2017
Camera-ready versions: February 1, 2017
Conference: March 26-30, 2017

POST-PROCEEDINGS
We will consider an open call for post-proceedings in an established
series of conference proceedings (LIPIcs, EPiC, JMLR) or a journal
(AICom, JAR, JAIR).

PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Jasmin Christian Blanchette, INRIA Nancy
Ulrich Furbach, University of Koblenz
Deyan Ginev, Jacobs University Bremen 
Thomas C. Hales (co-chair), University of Pittsburgh
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Geoffrey Irving, Google
Cezary Kaliszyk (co-chair), University of Innsbruck
Jens Otten, University of Oslo
Claudio Sacerdoti Coen, University of Bologna
Stephan Schulz (co-chair), DHBW Stuttgart
Geoff Sutcliffe, University of Miami
Josef Urban (co-chair), Czech Technical University

LOCATION AND PRICE
The conference will take place from March 26 to March 30 in the
stunning scenery of the Tyrolean Alps in the Obergurgl Conference
Center (http://www.uz-obergurgl.at/) of the University of
Innsbruck. Obergurgl is a picturesque village located at an altitude
of 2000m, a 1-hour drive from Innsbruck.  It offers a variety of
winter-sport activities such as skiing, snowshoeing and hiking at this
time of the year.  The total price for accommodation, food and
registration for the four days will be around 500 EUR.

ORGANIZERS
Cezary Kaliszyk and Josef Urban

