         SECOND CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS

   Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving,
                       AITP 2019
        April 7-12, 2019, Obergurgl, Austria

            http://aitp-conference.org/2019

             Deadline: December 1, 2018
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2019

BACKGROUND
Large-scale semantic processing and strong computer assistance of
mathematics and science is our inevitable future. New combinations of
AI and reasoning methods and tools deployed over large mathematical
and scientific corpora will be instrumental to this task.  The AITP
conference is the forum for discussing how to get there as soon as
possible, and the force driving the progress towards that.

TOPICS
    - AI, machine learning and big-data methods in theorem proving
      and mathematics.
    - Collaboration between automated and interactive theorem proving.
    - Common-sense reasoning and reasoning in science.
    - Alignment and joint processing of formal, semi-formal, 
       and informal libraries.
    - Methods for large-scale computer understanding of mathematics 
       and science.
    - Combinations of linguistic/learning-based and semantic/reasoning methods
    - Formal verification of AI and machine learning algorithms, explainable AI .
 
SESSIONS
There will be several focused sessions on AI for ATP, ITP and
mathematics, Formal Abstracts, linguistic processing of
mathematics/science, modern AI and big-data methods, and several
sessions with contributed talks. The focused sessions will be based on
invited talks and discussion oriented.

CONFIRMED PARTICIPANTS/SPEAKERS

Wolfgang Bibel, Darmstadt University of Technology
Kevin Buzzard, Imperial College London
Ben Goertzel, SingularityNET
Georges Gonthier, INRIA
Thomas C. Hales, University of Pittsburgh
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Mikoláš Janota, University of Lisbon
Michael Kinyon, University of Denver
Angeliki Koutsoukou-Argyraki, University of Cambridge
Ramana Kumar, DeepMind
Sarah Loos, Google Research
David McAllester, Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago
Tomáš Mikolov, Facebook AI Research
Scott Morrison, Australian National University
Arnold Neumaier, University of Vienna
Adam Pease, Infosys
Joao Marques Silva, University of Lisbon
Martin Suda, Czech Technical University in Prague
Christian Szegedy, Google Research
Robert Veroff, University of New Mexico

CONTRIBUTED TALKS
We solicit contributed talks. Selection of those will be based on
extended abstracts/short papers of 2 pages formatted with easychair.cls.
Submission is via EasyChair (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2019).

DATES
Submission deadline: December 1, 2018
Author notification: December 23, 2018
Conference registration: January 13, 2019
Camera-ready versions: February 1, 2019
Conference: April 7 - 12, 2019

POST-PROCEEDINGS
We will consider an open call for post-proceedings in an established
series of conference proceedings (LIPIcs, EPiC, JMLR) or a journal
(AICom, JAR, JAIR).

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Jasmin Christian Blanchette, INRIA Nancy
Ulrich Furbach, University of Koblenz
Thomas C. Hales (co-chair), University of Pittsburgh
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Mikoláš Janota, University of Lisbon
Moa Johansson, Chalmers University
Cezary Kaliszyk (co-chair), University of Innsbruck
Michael Kohlhase, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg
Konstantin Korovin, The University of Manchester
Ramana Kumar (co-chair), DeepMind
Claudio Sacerdoti Coen, University of Bologna
David McAllester, Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago
Adam Pease, Infosys
Stephan Schulz (co-chair), DHBW Stuttgart
Geoff Sutcliffe, University of Miami
Christian Szegedy, Google Research
Josef Urban (co-chair), Czech Technical University in Prague

LOCATION AND PRICE

The conference will take place from April 7 to April 12 in the
stunning scenery of the Tyrolean Alps in the Obergurgl Conference
Center of the University of Innsbruck. Obergurgl is a picturesque
village located at an altitude of 2000m, a 1-hour drive from
Innsbruck. It offers a variety of winter-sport activities such as
skiing, snowshoeing and hiking at this time of the year. The total
price for accommodation in a twin room (based on 2-person occupancy),
food and registration for the five days will be around 670 EUR. There
are also several hotels in Obergurgl - booking early is recommended.

ORGANIZERS
Cezary Kaliszyk and Josef Urban

