         SECOND CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS

   Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving,
                       AITP 2020
        March 22-27, 2020, Aussois, France

            http://aitp-conference.org/2020

             Deadline: December 3, 2019
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2020

BACKGROUND
Large-scale semantic processing and strong computer assistance of
mathematics and science is our inevitable future. New combinations of
AI and reasoning methods and tools deployed over large mathematical
and scientific corpora will be instrumental to this task.  The AITP
conference is the forum for discussing how to get there as soon as
possible, and the force driving the progress towards that.

TOPICS
    - AI, machine learning and big-data methods in theorem proving
      and mathematics.
    - Collaboration between automated and interactive theorem proving,
      in particular their AI/ML aspects.
    - Common-sense reasoning and reasoning in science.
    - Alignment and joint processing of formal, semi-formal, 
       and informal libraries, Formal Abstracts.
    - Methods for large-scale computer understanding of mathematics 
       and science.
    - Combinations of linguistic/learning-based and semantic/reasoning methods
    - Formal verification of AI and machine learning algorithms, explainable AI .
 
SESSIONS
There will be several focused sessions on AI for ATP, ITP and
mathematics, Formal Abstracts, linguistic processing of
mathematics/science, modern AI and big-data methods, and several
sessions with contributed talks. The focused sessions will be based on
invited talks and discussion oriented.

CONFIRMED PARTICIPANTS/SPEAKERS (TBC)

João Araújo, Universidade Nova de Lisboa
Kevin Buzzard, Imperial College London
Michael R. Douglas*, Stony Brook University
Vlad Firoiu, DeepMind
Ben Goertzel, SingularityNET
Georges Gonthier, INRIA
Thomas C. Hales, University of Pittsburgh
John Harrison, Amazon
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Mikoláš Janota, University of Lisbon
Michael Kinyon, University of Denver
Joao Marques Silva, ANITI, University of Toulouse
David McAllester, Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago
Tomáš Mikolov, Facebook AI Research
Lawrence C. Paulson, University of Cambridge
Alison Pease, University of Dundee
J.D. Phillips, Northern Michigan University
Markus Rabe, Google Research
Stephan Schulz, DHBW Stuttgart
Daniel Selsam, Microsoft Research
Martin Suda, Czech Technical University in Prague
David Stanovský, Charles University in Prague
Christian Szegedy, Google Research
Robert Veroff, University of New Mexico
Petr Vojtěchovský, University of Denver
*: To be confirmed.
	
    

CONTRIBUTED TALKS
We solicit contributed talks. Selection of those will be based on
extended abstracts/short papers of 2 pages formatted with easychair.cls.
Submission is via EasyChair (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2020).

DATES
Submission deadline: December 3, 2019
Author notification: January 10, 2020
Conference registration: January 21, 2020
Camera-ready versions: March 1, 2020
Conference: March 22 - 27, 2020

POST-PROCEEDINGS
We will consider an open call for post-proceedings in an established
series of conference proceedings (LIPIcs, EPiC, JMLR) or a journal
(AICom, JAR, JAIR).

PROGRAM COMMITTEE (TBC)

Jasmin Christian Blanchette, INRIA Nancy
Ulrich Furbach, University of Koblenz
Thibault Gauthier, Czech Technical University in Prague
Thomas C. Hales (co-chair), University of Pittsburgh
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Mikoláš Janota, University of Lisbon
Cezary Kaliszyk (co-chair), University of Innsbruck
Michael Kinyon, University of Denver
Peter Koepke, University of Bonn
Michael Kohlhase, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg
Konstantin Korovin, The University of Manchester
Ramana Kumar (co-chair), DeepMind
Sarah Loos, Google Research
Stephan Schulz (co-chair), DHBW Stuttgart
Geoff Sutcliffe, University of Miami
Josef Urban (co-chair), Czech Technical University in Prague
Sarah Winkler, University of Innsbruck


LOCATION AND PRICE

The conference will take place from March 22 to March 27 2020 in
the CNRS Paul-Langevin Conference Center
(https://www.caes.cnrs.fr/sejours/centre-paul-langevin/) located in
the mountain village of Aussois in Savoy.  Dominated by the "Dent
Parrachée", one of the highest peaks of La Vanoise, Aussois is located
on a sunny plateau at 1500 m altitude, offering a magnificent panorama
of the surrounding mountains and a direct access to the downhill ski
slopes or cross country slopes in winter. The total price for accommodation,
food and registration for the five days will be around 600 EUR.

ARRIVAL/DEPARTURE
Aussois is less than 2h from the airports of Lyon, Geneve, Chambery,
Annecy, Grenoble and Turin. There are trains and buses from these
airports. Aussois is 7km from the Modane TGV station with direct
trains from/to Paris. We will organize a bus for the participants from
there to Aussois. Further buses to these airports / station can be
found at http://www.altibus.com/ .


ORGANIZERS
Cezary Kaliszyk and Josef Urban

