FINAL CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS - EXTENDED DEADLINE

Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving,
AITP 2022
September 4-9, 2022, Aussois and online, France

http://aitp-conference.org/2022

Deadline: Extended to May 10, 2022
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2022

BACKGROUND
Large-scale semantic processing and strong computer assistance of
mathematics and science is our inevitable future. New combinations of
AI and reasoning methods and tools deployed over large mathematical
and scientific corpora will be instrumental to this task.  The AITP
conference is the forum for discussing how to get there as soon as
possible, and the force driving the progress towards that.

TOPICS
- AI, machine learning and big-data methods in theorem proving and mathematics.
- Collaboration between automated and interactive theorem proving, in
  particular their AI/ML aspects.
- Common-sense reasoning and reasoning in science, relations to general AI.
- Alignment and joint processing of formal, semi-formal, and informal
   libraries, Formal Abstracts.
- Methods for large-scale computer understanding of mathematics and science.
- Combinations of linguistic/learning-based and semantic/reasoning methods
- Formal verification of AI and machine learning algorithms, explainable AI .
 
SESSIONS

There will be several focused sessions on AI for ATP, ITP, mathematics,
physics, relations to general AI, Formal Abstracts, linguistic processing of
mathematics/science, modern AI and big-data methods, and several
sessions with contributed talks. The focused sessions will be based on
invited talks and discussion oriented.  Most of the sessions will be
scheduled in the afternoons to allow US participants.

CONFIRMED (VIRTUAL) PARTICIPANTS/SPEAKERS (TBC)

João Araújo, Universidade Nova de Lisboa
Kevin Buzzard, Imperial College London
Walter Dean, University of Warwick
Michael R. Douglas, Stony Brook University
Thibault Gauthier, Czech Technical University in Prague
Ben Goertzel, SingularityNET
Thomas C. Hales, University of Pittsburgh
Mikoláš Janota, University of Lisbon
Cezary Kaliszyk, University of Innsbruck
Peter Koepke, University of Bonn
Michael Kinyon, University of Denver
Tomáš Mikolov, Czech Technical University in Prague
Alberto Naibo, University Paris 1
Miroslav Olsak, IHES
Adam Pease, Articulate Software
Talia Ringer, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 
Stephan Schulz, DHBW Stuttgart
Martin Suda, Czech Technical University in Prague
Josef Urban, Czech Technical University in Prague
Robert Veroff, University of New Mexico
Petr Vojtěchovský, University of Denver
Freek Wiedijk, Radboud University Nijmegen
Stephen Wolfram, Wolfram Research

CONTRIBUTED TALKS
We solicit contributed talks. Selection of those will be based on
extended abstracts/short papers of 2 pages formatted with easychair.cls.
Submission is via EasyChair (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp2022).
The extended abstracts are considered non-archival.

DATES
Submission deadline: Extended to May 10, 2022
Author notification: June 13, 2022
Conference registration: TBA
Camera-ready versions: TBA
Conference: September 4-9, 2022

POST-PROCEEDINGS
We will consider an open call for post-proceedings in an established
series of conference proceedings (LIPIcs, EPiC, JMLR) or a journal
(AICom, JAR, JAIR).

PROGRAM COMMITTEE (TBC)

Jasmin Christian Blanchette, INRIA Nancy
Michael R. Douglas (co-chair), Stony Brook University
Ulrich Furbach, University of Koblenz
Thibault Gauthier, Czech Technical University in Prague
Thomas C. Hales (co-chair), University of Pittsburgh
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Mikoláš Janota, University of Lisbon
Cezary Kaliszyk (co-chair), University of Innsbruck
Michael Kinyon, University of Denver
Peter Koepke, University of Bonn
Michael Kohlhase, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg
Konstantin Korovin, The University of Manchester
Ramana Kumar, DeepMind
Adam Pease, Articulate Software
Michael Rawson, TU Wien
Stephan Schulz (co-chair), DHBW Stuttgart
Christian Szegedy, Google Research
Josef Urban (co-chair), Czech Technical University in Prague
Sean Welleck, University of Washington
Sarah Winkler, University of Innsbruck
Zsolt Zombori, Alfréd Rényi Institute of Mathematics

LOCATION AND PRICE
The conference will take place from September 4 to September 9 2022
online and physically in the CNRS Paul-Langevin Conference Center
(https://www.caes.cnrs.fr/sejours/centre-paul-langevin/) located in
the mountain village of Aussois in Savoy.  Dominated by the "Dent
Parrachée", one of the highest peaks of La Vanoise, Aussois is located
on a sunny plateau at 1500 m altitude, offering a magnificent panorama
of the surrounding mountains and a direct access to the park of La
Vanoise in summer and downhill ski slopes or cross country slopes in
winter. The total price for accommodation, food and registration for
the five days will be around 600 EUR. Online participation will be most likely
for free but may be limited to relevant participants.

ARRIVAL/DEPARTURE
Aussois is less than 2h from the airports of Lyon, Geneve, Chambery,
Annecy, Grenoble and Turin. There are trains and buses from these
airports. Aussois is 7km from the Modane TGV station with direct
trains from/to Paris. We will organize a bus for the participants from
there to Aussois. Further buses to these airports / station can be
found at http://www.altibus.com/ .

FUNDING
The travel, accommodation, and registration of a number of
participants will be supported by the Cost Action CA20111 - European
Research Network on Formal Proofs.  See the web page
(http://aitp-conference.org/2022/#funding) for details and updates.

ORGANIZERS
Cezary Kaliszyk and Josef Urban

