         FINAL CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS - EXTENDED DEADLINE

   Artificial Intelligence and Theorem Proving,
                       AITP 2021
        September 5-10, 2021, Aussois and online, France

            http://aitp-conference.org/2021

             Deadline: Extended to May 12, 2021
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp20210

BACKGROUND
Large-scale semantic processing and strong computer assistance of
mathematics and science is our inevitable future. New combinations of
AI and reasoning methods and tools deployed over large mathematical
and scientific corpora will be instrumental to this task.  The AITP
conference is the forum for discussing how to get there as soon as
possible, and the force driving the progress towards that.

TOPICS
    - AI, machine learning and big-data methods in theorem proving
      and mathematics.
    - Collaboration between automated and interactive theorem proving,
      in particular their AI/ML aspects.
    - Common-sense reasoning and reasoning in science, relations to
       general AI.
    - Alignment and joint processing of formal, semi-formal, 
       and informal libraries, Formal Abstracts.
    - Methods for large-scale computer understanding of mathematics 
       and science.
    - Combinations of linguistic/learning-based and semantic/reasoning methods
    - Formal verification of AI and machine learning algorithms, explainable AI .
 
SESSIONS

There will be several focused sessions on AI for ATP, ITP,
mathematics, physics, relations to general AI, Formal Abstracts,
linguistic processing of mathematics/science, modern AI and big-data
methods, and several sessions with contributed talks. The focused
sessions will be based on invited talks and discussion oriented.  Most
of the sessions will be scheduled in the afternoons to allow US
participants.

CONFIRMED (VIRTUAL) PARTICIPANTS/SPEAKERS (TBC)

Kevin Buzzard	Imperial College London
Miles Cranmer	Princeton University
Michael R. Douglas	Stony Brook University
Vlad Firoiu	DeepMind
Ben Goertzel	SingularityNET
Georges Gonthier	INRIA
Thomas C. Hales	University of Pittsburgh
Sean Holden	University of Cambridge
Mikoláš Janota	University of Lisbon
Cezary Kaliszyk	University of Innsbruck
Peter Koepke	University of Bonn
Michael Kinyon	University of Denver
Ramana Kumar	DeepMind
David McAllester	Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago
Tomáš Mikolov	Czech Technical University in Prague
Melanie Mitchell	Santa Fe Institute
Adam Pease	Articulate Software
Stanislas Polu	OpenAI
Markus Rabe	Google Research
Fabian Ruhle	CERN
Stephan Schulz	DHBW Stuttgart
David Stanovský	Charles University
Martin Suda	Czech Technical University in Prague
Josef Urban	Czech Technical University in Prague
Robert Veroff	University of New Mexico
Lucy Lu Wang	Allen Institute for AI
Yuhuai (Tony) Wu	University of Toronto


CONTRIBUTED TALKS
We solicit contributed talks. Selection of those will be based on
extended abstracts/short papers of 2 pages formatted with easychair.cls.
Submission is via EasyChair (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=aitp20210).
The extended abstracts are considered non-archival.

DATES
Submission deadline: Extended to May 12, 2021
Author notification: June 20, 2021
Conference registration: TBA
Camera-ready versions: TBA
Conference: September 5-10, 2021

POST-PROCEEDINGS
We will consider an open call for post-proceedings in an established
series of conference proceedings (LIPIcs, EPiC, JMLR) or a journal
(AICom, JAR, JAIR).

PROGRAM COMMITTEE (TBC)

Jasmin Christian Blanchette, INRIA Nancy
Ulrich Furbach, University of Koblenz
Thibault Gauthier, Czech Technical University in Prague
Michael R. Douglas (co-chair), Stony Brook University
Thomas C. Hales (co-chair), University of Pittsburgh
Sean Holden, University of Cambridge
Cezary Kaliszyk (co-chair), University of Innsbruck
Michael Kinyon, University of Denver
Peter Koepke, University of Bonn
Konstantin Korovin, The University of Manchester
Ramana Kumar (co-chair), DeepMind
Stephan Schulz (co-chair), DHBW Stuttgart
Geoff Sutcliffe, University of Miami
Christian Szegedy, Google Research
Josef Urban (co-chair), Czech Technical University in Prague
Sarah Winkler, University of Innsbruck
Yuhuai (Tony) Wu, University of Toronto


LOCATION AND PRICE

The conference will take place from September 5 to September 10 2021
online and physically in the CNRS Paul-Langevin Conference Center
(https://www.caes.cnrs.fr/sejours/centre-paul-langevin/) located in
the mountain village of Aussois in Savoy.  Dominated by the "Dent
Parrachée", one of the highest peaks of La Vanoise, Aussois is located
on a sunny plateau at 1500 m altitude, offering a magnificent panorama
of the surrounding mountains and a direct access to the park of La
Vanoise in summer and downhill ski slopes or cross country slopes in
winter. The total price for accommodation, food and registration for
the five days will be around 600 EUR. Online participation will be most likely
for free but may be limited to relevant participants.

ARRIVAL/DEPARTURE
Aussois is less than 2h from the airports of Lyon, Geneve, Chambery,
Annecy, Grenoble and Turin. There are trains and buses from these
airports. Aussois is 7km from the Modane TGV station with direct
trains from/to Paris. We will organize a bus for the participants from
there to Aussois. Further buses to these airports / station can be
found at http://www.altibus.com/ .


ORGANIZERS
Cezary Kaliszyk and Josef Urban

